.\" --*-nroff-*--
.\" Author: Harshavardhana Ranganath <harsha@80x25.org>.
.\" Copyright (c) Freetalk Core Team.
.\"
.\" This Document is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as 
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the
.\" License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"

.TH freetalk "1" "November 1 2005" "Release Date" "Linux Programmers Manual"
.SH "NAME"
freetalk  \- The Console based Jabber client-cum-bot.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B
.IP 
.B freetalk [options]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
FreeTalk is a console based jabber client-cum-bot. It features a readline interface with auto completion 
of buddy names,commands and even ordinary english words!. Freetalk is extensible, configurable and 
scriptable through Guile interface. 
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-j\fR=\fIJABBER-ID\fR, \fB\-\-jid\fR=\fIJABBER-ID\fR
JABBER-ID is your login name.
.TP
\fB\-s\fR=\fISCRIPT-FILE\fR, \fB\-\-script\fR=\fISCRIPT-FILE\fR
Invoke Script/Bot Mode SCRIPT-FILE as the source.
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR            
Version information
.TP
\fB\-?\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR, \fB\-\-usage\fR
Help briefly on the above options
.PP
For more information, type "/help"  or "help" from within freetalk, or consult the
freetalk manual (available as on-line info or a printed manual).
.SH "AUTHOR"
Harshavardhana Ranganath <harsha@80x25.org>
.SH "BUG REPORT"
Report bugs to "freetalk-dev@gnu.org"
.SH "COPYING"
Freetalk comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
You may redistribute copies of Freetalk
under the terms of the GNU General Public License v2 or later.
For more information about these matters, see the filenamed COPYING.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR guile(1)
.BR glib-config(2)
.PP
The full documentation for
.B FreeTalk
is maintained as a Texinfo manual.  If the
.B info
and
.B freetalk
programs are properly installed at your site, the command
.IP
.B info freetalk
.PP
should give you access to the complete manual.
